#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements/ci.txt requirements/base.txt requirements/test-tools.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cryptography==39.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
django==3.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonsuit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-solo
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-axes==5.40.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   zgw-consumers
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-formtools==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
django-jsonsuit==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-rosetta==0.9.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-simple-certmanager==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
elastic-apm==6.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
faker==16.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreschema
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.2
    # via pyquery
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
mozilla-django-oidc==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
notifications-api-common==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
phonenumbers==8.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
pillow==9.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   zgw-consumers
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   sharing-configs
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   zgw-consumers
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sharing-configs==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   django-choices
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-mock
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.7
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via django-webtest
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
zgw-consumers==0.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
